Frankie you're so welcome
I was excited a little butterflies in
the stomach I'm gonna be insulted by the
best chef in the world somebody bad
smell it in this sewage oh I can't
believe people come in here okay I'm
gonna start off with the cupcakes please
okay I like the idea of the pesto
lobster ravioli I'll go for the Atlantic
salmon black and please call me a pig
okay um I'm hungry yeah well at least
she's honest play stinks
who's this that's Chef Ramsay okay no
problem
UH one order of crab cakes
this place is falling apart let's hope
the Foods good
oh hey come here crab cakes pass
everywhere okay just falls apart but
like the deck hole you touch it just
disintegrates they're not fresh
they've couldn't run on the menu it's
not a crab cake it's a crab cake cuz I
feel if I anymore be crapping for the
next hundred and five years are they
frozen I don't think so
he's your something sure it tastes
frozen okay like God you make the crab
cakes here right yes are they frozen I
freeze them yet he says they taste like
they're frozen that's all really yeah
chuckles now frozen okay no parsley
hmm soggy strange taste inside they're
definitely not fresh on that occasion
salmon you want you still want the
sauteed spinach and a pesto or yeah what
is that that is pesto is it good
where's this will separate it no no
right here it looks like an oil slick
yeah and it's never on the sides it's
usually served on the fish when I served
in the Sam and he did have something to
say about the pesto sauce it was painted
sort of speak
and the salmon is just solid inside and
drying god
you can't expect customers to come and
pay for that